Euro Football Weekly is sponsored by B
win both of the Euro Football Weekly I'm
Natalie Rydstrom Croatia will host
Scotland's on jun 7th in round one of
the world cup brazil 2014 qualifiers the
hosts are the favorites here at 1.33
with coral and Scotland a price at
eleven point oh with bet365 here now
thus discussed the match is sports
writer and regular SPO form contributor
and nyla amer over nyla thanks for
joining us today I medley thanks
hometeam Croatia haven't lost a game
since the qualifiers began last year
they've won five and drawn the sixth to
Belgium on Sept em the 11 2012 scoring
at least a goal in every single match
crochets highest achievement in the
World Cup has been third place back in
1998 now what do you make of their place
so far and you think they stand a chance
at winning a 2014 World Cup um I'm quite
impressed by Chris and Natalie I have to
say when group a was drawn it was
immediately apparent the group is wide
open up for grabs by any team really I
mean that was really the one of the best
draws to fall into Croatia was singled
out as the favorites from the very
beginning sometimes that can be a mute
point favorites can disappoint and fail
to live up to expectations croatia
Howard didn't I mean this is a brand new
team they've injected new life with some
a generation of young players that have
emerged alongside familiar names such as
berryessa not even Eva college and Laden
petrich and they've capitalize on this
great opportunity of being drawn into a
winnable group so I really like what
I've seen from them so far as to winning
the World Cup I mean that is a long shot
still and it is still quite a bit of a
waste from from now so I can't really
say that I back them right now to
accomplish that but I certainly see them
with a great shot to actually make the
world cup now the underdogs Scotland
have had a shaky start in fact they've
only managed one match to Macedonia one
all in September and I've only managed a
most one goal in a match now what have
you made of their place so far and what
do you make of their chances of even
qualifying oh gosh oddly and Scotland
has been unimpressive to put it simply
there's really nothing
much you can say about it some might say
they flatter to deceive but I think
that's being a bit generous no
disrespect them obviously but they just
simply lack the depth and scale to
compete at such a level and I don't see
them having a shot at all it could to
qualify okay now what's your bet on this
game then and where does the money
really lie hands down i'm with the
bookies on this one and back in croatia
to the wind there's really no other way
around it Scotland securing a win would
be a massive upset and nothing that
they've done during the qualifiers has
suggested that they're even close to
accomplishing such a feat they've made
no inroads against a lot of the
lightweight teams in Europe so I don't
see them coming up against a strong
favourite like Croatia and walking away
with a win so for me the way I would go
with this match is to back Croatia to
the win obviously the favorite so if
you'd like to make a little bit more
money i would go try to pick the right
score and since Croatia has been scoring
several goals at least a couple in each
game say for a 1-1 draw to belgium i
would go with a 2-0 score for this one
okay now there I agree with you on that
one thanks for joining us thank you so
much for having me Natalie